Evelyn was just bringing me some medical supplies.
Are you hurt? What happened?
Yeah, I'm fine. I'm okay.
But you. You're sick. You need some rest.
Daniel, I need you to call the police.
Call the police. Why?
I don't think my father had a heart attack.
En la. I know you've been having a very hard time accepting your father's death,
but the doctors did conclude that he died of a heart attack.
I really think there's more to this story, and I have to trust my God.
I really think that Uncle Ethan had something to do with this.
Your priority right now is to get back your eyesight.
So you need to be taking your meds and you need plenty of rest. I'll look into it.
Come on, let's take you to Rambo.
Good night, Evelyn. Good night.